Update plugin to sylius 1.13. (#424)
Sylius/RefundPlugin: README.md

   WKHTMLTOPDF_PATH=/usr/local/bin/wkhtmltopdf # Change this! :)
   ```

> 1. If you are using the symfony workflows instead winzou_state_machine please import configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you are using the Symfony Workflow instead of Winzou State Machine, please import configuration:
```

Reviewer: But I think we can add this configuration directly to the plugin, at most it will not be used if someone is still using Winzou, wdyt?
